---
layout: post
title:  "My First Rifle"
---
You can't break a rifle, you just don't have the muscles for it. You can't break a rifle, you just don't have the muscles for it. You can't break a rifle, you just don't have the muscles for it. I'm sure I could break my first Mosin by dropping it onto concrete. If I had the right muscles I could break a rifle in an instant. I wish I had better legs, I have better calves, but I could break it in the blink of an eye.

A broken rifle, a broken rifle, can't be saved. The best thing to do is not to fire the first shot and go straight to the reloading stand. You can do a lot of damage with the first shot. The first shot in a Mosin is a bit like a cannonball. It does a lot of damage. If you hit somebody's arm, it's just going to bleed. A guy's arm will bleed. And he's not going to know that he was hit until after the blood comes out of his arm and he gets to his next magazine. But if he fires, that blood is going to come out of the barrel of the rifle in an arc. It goes out at a steep angle and goes to his leg. That's a direct hit and a direct hit to the leg. It's not an indirect hit because you can only hit two areas with a direct hit. And a direct hit on the leg, that's going to hit somewhere along the lower leg.

The problem with the other theory is the first thing is, even if you're hitting two areas, there's the problem of the two-shot kill, which I discussed earlier. If the shooter is still alive at the time of the wound, his chance of survival is about one in 10. The odds of him surviving that long are slim.
